Which continent has the smallest land area?
Regions of the world often have different plant and animal life because they have different?
Which feature would most often be shown on a political map?
Which imaginary line circles Earth at 0° latitude?
In which region did China's earliest civilizations develop?
Which statement is accurate about the geography of the Middle East?
Henry Huson is best known for exploring?
Both Japan and Indonesia are made up of a chain of islands called?
Which geographic characteristic is shared by both Greece and Japan?
Which statement best describes the geography of Africa?
Which of these nations is located closest to the Philippines, Malaysia, and Indonesia?
Which geographic feature made it difficult to unify South America?
Which geographic feature has helped isolate China?
Which two Great Lakes border New York State?
One way in which South Korea, Saudi Arabia, and India are geographically similar is that each is located on?
Both the United States and Mexico are located on the continent of?
Which nation is located on a peninsula?
Italy, Korea, Spain, and India are similar in that each is considered?
A family member who lived long ago is called?
Nomads are most likely to?
Generation after generation, people tell stories to their children about their ancestors. When this happens, it is called?
What is a 100-year period of time called?
The language, customs, and beliefs that a group of people share are part of its?
For thousands of years, people have passed on their values, ideas, and traditions through?
Early settlements had to be located near a source of?
One goal of Christopher Columbus, Jacques Cartier, and Henry Hudson was to?
Which term includes the other three terms?
The capital city of a state or country is important because it?
Which event happened first?
A main reason for the colonial rebellion against the British during the American Revolution was?
A settlement that is ruled by another country is called?
Who was the commander of the Continental Army in the Revolutionary War?
Which list of events is in order from earliest to latest?
Congress is the lawmaking branch of which level of government?
In the United States, how often are presidential elections held?
Most settlers who came to New England in the early 1600s were searching for?
In which type of home did the early Iroquois (Haudenosaunee) most often live?
People who favored independence during the American Revolution were called
Which person wrote much of the Declaration of Independence, was a political leader during the Revolution, and later became president of the United States?
A census is taken every ten years in the United States to determine a state's?
Who was the leader of the Continental Army during the American Revolution?
Which group of items did the Native American Indians introduce to Europeans?
Which battle was the turning point of the Revolutionary War?
The frst ten amendments to the United States Constitution are called the?
The American colonists who supported the British government during the Revolutionary War were known as?